fix(firehose): serve first streamable block from hub in Fetch/Block (#158)
streamingfast/firehose-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Firehose: fix `sf.firehose.v2.Fetch/Block` hanging forever when requesting the first streamable block on a freshly started chain. The single-block handler used a strict `>` comparison against the hub's lowest retained block, so a request for exactly that block (the first streamable block at startup) skipped the live hub and fell through to the merged-blocks store, where it waited indefinitely for a merged bundle that had not been flushed yet. The comparison is now `>=`, so the lowest retained block is served from the hub.

Author: ```suggestion
- Firehose: fix `sf.firehose.v2.Fetch/Block` hanging until merged bundle is created when requesting the first streamable block on a freshly started chain. The single-block handler used a strict `>` comparison against the hub's lowest retained block, so a request for exactly that block (the first streamable block at startup) skipped the live hub and fell through to the merged-blocks store, where it waited indefinitely for a merged bundle that had not been flushed yet. The comparison is now `>=`, so the lowest retained block is served from the hub.
```
